Formerly known as STARTUP Training, the BTEM Training experience is a free mentorship workshop offered by the Eugenio Garza Lagüera Institute of Entrepreneurship at Tecnológico de Monterrey. This workshop is aimed at anyone interested in applying for the Entrepreneurial Talent Scholarship, with the goal of guiding and supporting the application process.

If you have an entrepreneurial idea, an entrepreneurial profile, and want to earn a scholarship for your undergraduate studies at Tecnológico de Monterrey, this mentorship workshop will be a great help. You'll be able to consolidate your idea and apply for the scholarship.

The Eugenio Garza Lagüera Institute of Entrepreneurship, in collaboration with Tecnológico de Monterrey, is committed to providing comprehensive support to students with entrepreneurial ideas. BTEM Training is an initiative that seeks to foster entrepreneurial spirit and help participants develop their business skills.

During the workshop, participants will receive personalized guidance and advising from entrepreneurship experts. They will also be given resources and tools to strengthen their business ideas and increase their odds of success in the Entrepreneurial Talent Scholarship application process.

No matter what stage your entrepreneurial idea is at, the mentorship workshop is designed to adapt to your individual needs. From idea generation to business plan development, you'll get the support you need to turn your dreams into reality.

For several years, I've played a key role as part of the organizing and producing team for a range of calls for applications and initiatives at both the national and international level. My role has spanned a wide range of responsibilities, from meticulous logistics planning to designing effective methodologies. I've also strategically managed valuable partnerships and promoted the call for applications, creating high-value content. Just as important, I've had the honor of serving as master of ceremonies and facilitator at every stage of the project.

The core purpose of these initiatives is to promote, strengthen, and recognize entrepreneurial talent in our country, spanning everything from students with innovative ideas to technology-based projects at different technology readiness levels (TRLs). It also includes the active participation of academics and entrepreneurs in competitions.

I'm proud to have contributed to the growth and development of the entrepreneurial community, fostering innovation and entrepreneurial spirit in every experience along the way.